v6 functions documentation (#7043)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/hosting/azure-functions-service-bus/in-process/index_topology_ASBFunctions_[6,).partial.md

### Topology configuration

> When nothing else configured the default topology is used. It is possible to override the topology configuration by adding topology options to the Application configuration.
> 
> The functions integration looks for either topology options placed into `AzureServiceBus:TopologyOptions` or `AzureServiceBus:MigrationTopologyOptions` for migration scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [default topology](/transports/azure-service-bus/topology.md) (using topic-per-event approach) can be overridden by adding topology options to the Application configuration.

The functions integration looks for either topology options placed into `AzureServiceBus:TopologyOptions` or `AzureServiceBus:MigrationTopologyOptions` for migration scenarios.
```
